# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --python-version 3.13 --emit-index-url --emit-find-links requirements.in -o requirements.txt
--index-url https://pypi.org/simple
--extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu

abnf==2.2.0
    # via polyfile-weave
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chronos-forecasting
aioboto3==12.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiobotocore==2.12.3
    # via aioboto3
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   fsspec
    #   gql
    #   python-binance
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.17.0
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
alpaca-py==0.42.2
    # via -r requirements.in
alpaca-trade-api==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.71.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   gql
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cyclopts
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
authlib==1.6.5
    # via fastmcp
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backoff==2.2.1
    # via gql
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
    #   yfinance
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
boto3==1.34.69
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
botocore==1.34.69
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   curl-cffi
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   clarabel
    #   cryptography
    #   curl-cffi
chardet==5.2.0
    # via polyfile-weave
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
chronos-forecasting==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cint==1.0.0
    # via polyfile-weave
clarabel==0.11.1
    # via cvxpy
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   ray
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
    #   weave
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   gym
    #   gymnasium
    #   hyperopt
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   stable-baselines3
cmaes==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
colorlog==6.10.1
    # via optuna
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
coreforecast==0.0.16
    # via neuralforecast
cryptography==46.0.3
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   mlflow
    #   pdfminer-six
curl-cffi==0.13.0
    # via yfinance
cvxpy==1.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cyclopts==3.24.0
    # via fastmcp
cython==3.1.4
    # via pufferlib
databricks-sdk==0.68.0
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
datasets==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dateparser==1.2.2
    # via python-binance
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   retry
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via alpaca-trade-api
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weave
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via email-validator
docker==7.1.0
    # via mlflow
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   cyclopts
docutils==0.22.2
    # via rich-rst
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flash-attn
    #   rotary-embedding-torch
email-validator==2.3.0
    # via pydantic
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via weave
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via fastmcp
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via gymnasium
fastapi==0.119.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow-skinny
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
fastmcp==2.10.6
    # via mlflow
fickling==0.1.4
    # via polyfile-weave
filelock==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flash-attn==2.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   mlflow
flask-cors==6.0.1
    # via mlflow
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via yfinance
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   neuralforecast
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via hyperopt
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   wandb
gluonts==0.16.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via databricks-sdk
gql==4.0.0
    # via weave
graphene==3.4.3
    # via mlflow
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via
    #   gql
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via graphene
graphviz==0.21
    # via polyfile-weave
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via tensorboard
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
gym==0.23.0
    # via
    #   pufferlib
    #   shimmy
gym-notices==0.1.0
    # via gym
gymnasium==0.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pettingzoo
    #   pufferlib
    #   shimmy
    #   stable-baselines3
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   datasets
    #   fastmcp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.3
    # via mcp
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via pufferlib
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
intervaltree==3.1.0
    # via polyfile-weave
ipykernel==7.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.37.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jaxtyping==0.2.29
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   osqp
    #   polyfile-weave
    #   torch
jiter==0.11.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   osqp
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mcp
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
    #   weave
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.9.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.3.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.9
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kaitaistruct==0.11
    # via polyfile-weave
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lark==1.3.0
    # via rfc3987-syntax
lightning==2.4.0
    # via gluonts
lightning-utilities==0.15.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==6.0.2
    # via pandas-datareader
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown==3.9
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   mplfinance
    #   seaborn
    #   stable-baselines3
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mcp==1.18.0
    # via fastmcp
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.4
    # via nbconvert
mlflow==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mlflow-skinny==3.5.0
    # via mlflow
mlflow-tracing==3.5.0
    # via mlflow
mplfinance==0.12.10b0
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via
    #   alpaca-py
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   ray
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
multitasking==0.0.12
    # via yfinance
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   polyfile-weave
    #   torch
neuralforecast==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==7.4.7
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   clarabel
    #   cmaes
    #   contourpy
    #   coreforecast
    #   cvxpy
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   gym
    #   gymnasium
    #   hyperopt
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   neuralforecast
    #   opencv-python
    #   optuna
    #   osqp
    #   pandas
    #   pettingzoo
    #   pufferlib
    #   pytorch-optimizer
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   scs
    #   seaborn
    #   shimmy
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   ta
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
    #   xgboost
    #   yfinance
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-ml-py==13.580.82
    # via pynvml
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.5
    # via
    #   torch
    #   xgboost
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvshmem-cu12==3.3.20
    # via torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
openai==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via fastmcp
opencv-python==3.4.17.63
    # via pufferlib
opentelemetry-api==1.38.0
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-proto==1.38.0
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
opentelemetry-sdk==1.38.0
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.59b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
optuna==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   neuralforecast
osqp==1.0.5
    # via cvxpy
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   black
    #   datasets
    #   deprecation
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
    #   nbconvert
    #   optuna
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
    #   wandb
    #   weave
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   mlflow
    #   mplfinance
    #   neuralforecast
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   ray
    #   seaborn
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   ta
    #   utilsforecast
    #   yfinance
pandas-datareader==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via polyfile-weave
peewee==3.18.2
    # via yfinance
pettingzoo==1.24.1
    # via pufferlib
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   polyfile-weave
    #   tensorboard
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   wandb
    #   yfinance
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
polyfile-weave==0.5.7
    # via weave
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.33.0
    # via
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
    #   opentelemetry-proto
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   wandb
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
    #   pufferlib
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pufferlib==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
py4j==0.10.9.9
    # via hyperopt
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   mlflow
    #   ray
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via python-binance
pydantic==2.11.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   fastmcp
    #   gluonts
    #   mcp
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
    #   openai
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   wandb
    #   weave
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via mcp
pyglet==1.5.11
    # via shimmy
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pynvml==13.0.1
    # via pufferlib
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
pyperclip==1.11.0
    # via fastmcp
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pyqlib==0.9.7 ; python_version < "3.13"
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-env
pytest-asyncio==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-env==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-binance==1.0.30
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   graphene
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   pydantic-settings
python-json-logger==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via mcp
pytorch-lightning==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gluonts
    #   lightning
    #   neuralforecast
pytorch-optimizer==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-ranger==0.1.1
    # via torch-optimizer
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
    #   yfinance
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lightning
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   optuna
    #   polyfile-weave
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
ray==2.50.0
    # via neuralforecast
referencing==0.37.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2025.9.18
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   datasets
    #   docker
    #   gql
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   python-binance
    #   ray
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
    #   yfinance
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via gql
retry==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rich==14.2.0
    # via
    #   cyclopts
    #   fastmcp
    #   pufferlib
    #   rich-argparse
    #   rich-rst
    #   typer
rich-argparse==1.7.1
    # via pufferlib
rich-rst==1.3.2
    # via cyclopts
rotary-embedding-torch==0.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clarabel
    #   cvxpy
    #   gluonts
    #   hyperopt
    #   mlflow
    #   osqp
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scs
    #   xgboost
scs==3.2.9
    # via cvxpy
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
selenium==4.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sentry-sdk==2.42.0
    # via
    #   wandb
    #   weave
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   osqp
    #   polyfile-weave
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
shimmy==1.3.0
    # via pufferlib
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   python-binance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   intervaltree
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via mlflow-skinny
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
sseclient-py==1.8.0
    # via alpaca-py
stable-baselines3==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.48.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
stdlib-list==0.11.1
    # via fickling
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
ta==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via weave
tensorboard==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.4
    # via ray
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via transformers
toolz==0.12.1
    # via gluonts
torch==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   chronos-forecasting
    #   flash-attn
    #   gluonts
    #   lightning
    #   neuralforecast
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-optimizer
    #   pytorch-ranger
    #   rotary-embedding-torch
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   torch-optimizer
    #   torchmetrics
torch-optimizer==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==1.8.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightning
    #   openai
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.57.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chronos-forecasting
trio==0.31.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
triton==3.5.0
    # via torch
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via jaxtyping
typer==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20251008
    # via arrow
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240917
    # via -r requirements.in
types-tabulate==0.9.0.20241207
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   abnf
    #   alembic
    #   anthropic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   gluonts
    #   graphene
    #   grpcio
    #   gymnasium
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   wandb
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via dateparser
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
utilsforecast==0.2.14
    # via neuralforecast
uvicorn==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
    #   mlflow-skinny
wandb==0.22.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weave
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via prompt-toolkit
weave==0.52.10
    # via -r requirements.in
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   jupyter-server
    #   selenium
websockets==10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   alpaca-trade-api
    #   python-binance
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via aiobotocore
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xgboost==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.6.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   gql
yfinance==0.2.58
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
# fal integrations depend on websockets>=12 which conflicts with alpaca-trade-api.
# Install fal separately in its dedicated environment when needed.
